Name: Marianne Fuyu Yamazaki Dorr
Date: Thursday 5PM-8PM
Title: Minix Operating System
Description: Installing, running, and rebuilding Minix via a Virtual Machine. 

Lab6
Steps for Setting up a Minix VM and editing the kernel

1. Open up a terminal on school linux machine
2. Type the following command and press enter: setup vmware
3. Type the following command and press enter: minix-get-image
4. Type the following command and press enter: vmware &
5. On the VM window (not terminal), open the minix 3 subfolder
6. Launch minix3.vmx by double clicking it and press the Power On button
7. When prompted for user name type: root
8. Setup a password by typing the following and pressing enter: passwd
9. Type your password and press enter (you will not be able to see your password being written)
10. Retype the same password and press enter when prompted again
11. Type the following command in the VM and press enter: tcpd ftp /usr/bin/in.ftpd &
12. Type the following command in the VM and press enter: ifconfig
13. Make note of the given IP address and get out of the VM window by pressing Ctrl + Alt
14. In the terminal, type: ftp 172.16.127.132 //this is the ip address I got, yours may be different, change accordingly
15. Wait until prompted for username then enter your username: root
16. When prompted for password type the password you set up in step 8
17. At this point, go back to the VM and search for the Copyright statement via the following steps
18. Type the following and press enter: cd /usr/src/
19. Type the following and press enter: cd kernel
20. Type the following and press enter: grep -l Copyright *
21. This should return main.c
22. Go back to terminal window. (to escape VM press Ctrl + Alt)
23. Change your directory in your host machine to where you want main.c to go to using lcd command (I had mine in /Documents/OS/Lab6)
23-2. Example of command usage: cd Documents
				cd OS
				cd Lab6
24. Now change the directory of VM by typing the following: cd /usr/src/
25. Type the following and press enter: cd kernel
26. Type the following and press enter: get main.c
27. Once main.c has been copied over from your VM to your host machine open another terminal
28. In the new terminal access main.c via an editor (first go to its location via cd)
29. I used vim main.c, press 'I' to go into insert mode
30. Find the Copyright statement and change it (I added "Marianne was here!" in front of it)
31. Save the file by pressing Escape and typing :x
32. Close that terminal and return to the first terminal
33. Now type the following and press enter: put main.c
34. Go to the VM window 
35. Type the following and press enter, this will take awhile: make world
36. Once Minix is recompiled, type the following and press enter: reboot
37. If you see the change you made, you succeeded! Take a screenshot.




